the
we are in this line only
a few miles from the place where
the accident that took the
life of the whole Lima alliance
at the end of the 80s the relatives always
they asked and it happened that the band
began to come to light in 2006 when
a reporter was able to access the report
Officer of the Navy of Peru, where
there were unpublished details of that
night of December 1987
in the navy reveal your own report is
the responsibility of this institution
around the death of those of the
areas and this is one of the things that
determines with total clarity of the report
was that this pilot in situations of
I did not respond to stress situations Nosa
where the ship could suffer some kind
The pilot simply went
canceled and that's what happened and then
the reason why the plane fell
according to hildebrandt's research
chaves when the fokker f-27 is
I was preparing to go through the
Lima airport by averaging 8
the night the pilot of the ship and
edilberto villar action or the train of
landing but the control panel does not
it marked the descent of the tires
front of the plane before the doubt the
Lieutenant Villar advised the tower of
control that would give a new spin
you have sense
of sectors answered that if there was
decided but the platoon by not seeing in
its controls that this had happened
decided to go one more lap without calculating
the descent of the ship
the pilot because he did not know what the
correct indicator removed from the panel
of control then took a bad
decision that was to try to make
movement of this icon in the nose of the
plane so that the landing gear in
the ihss go down with gravity not
no ship is ever made
did not have the 10-3 indication that the
train was in fact correct when the
pilot passed near the tower of
control they tell you hey your train has come down to
through 3 that is down the pilot of
a little bit that had burned him
he said no but there was another one that
he said yes the indication of the one that
had to go down had to do it in that
moment and all this added to that the
pilot does not respond in situations of
stress and they are simply stars
during the investigation the lieutenant the
I try to shine told details of the
terrible moments that lived behind
that of the fokker a part of the report
of the navy mentions having been found
with the cold tomasini in the sea
dawned together on a water drum
this instrument does not what the
pilot is that tomasín that had fallen
but his leg was broken and in
Sometime just tomasini
comes off of this and saying and second
the rest
the troops of the navy people throw
the pilot could demonstrate that the
pilot had lied many times in his
version for example against rescuing the
pilot of the pilot did not have the shoes
they did not have the military shoes
when they ask him why he did not have
shoes he says is something point with tomás
and I'm turned on this one only brings a can of
empty water he takes them off to be able
Float more when they rescue the plane
they find the pilot's shoes on the
cabin then it is impossible for
shoes have returned to the cabin
then that will understand that I have
many times and he gave me the word of
the subversion
a manifestation of the pilot
for my house because just like that or it is
that class
if they were different
because in a very nervous way it
worried a lot when it did not come or go
delay more then in my house because I do not
he dies
the fact that if there is that
night
the version of the pilot is that tomasín and
his leg was broken and he
he just fell apart
this can say with dying like that
let die
this document keeps the only
statements provided by the pilot
I want to shine on the tragedy of
window and also the last thing that
knew about alfredo tomasini until the day
today
the lieutenant shine practically came out
to look and there
and it is presumed that he made his life in
australia I think if they put us in
action of him
says that I have done everything possible
save your son
and I have face to face I have the
enough between the 17 I did everything
possible I could not
ok we do not face simple
because you can not tell him face to face
it's here that prevents you
as not necessarily the whole kitchen
I
none of the players who perished
in poker he got an information
satisfactory about what
it truly happened that night of
December 8, 1987 many of these
families people of humble status
they ceased their claims
- 1 family detonations